Hear all these guys and Malcolm X and now you can see that in the video we were fed our settings and
in this video we will be working up in this whole lab said OK.
So as you can see that in the premise video we removed the toolbar.
Say this site is Beldon more press.
And here is the thing and here is also the Wordpress logo.
So I removed it.
And now if you want to go to the dashboard we just have to type W.P. dash admen.
OK.
We have to ride this and then we have to hit enter and it's going to take us to the new page where here
we can edit our whole website.
OK.
So you can see everything is right here.
I'm just logged my logged in here and this is just pictures coming from the Krevin dot com.
OK so now we first we have to do is that we have to the for you.
We work for the settings right now.
OK.
So you can just design your website completely from here and everything.
But now what we have to do is that we have to work with the ads.
And if you're going to add the advertisement.
OK what is the first thing that we always add and that is the categories.
OK.
So whether we want to add products whether we want to add post whether we want to add the media the
media none at no I'm sorry the portfolio we always add the categories and these categories where it's
exactly the same.
All of the post category.
OK.
So let's get started.
First of all we have to enter the name right here.
The name is going to be
phones mobile phones.
OK I'm here I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to add in categories so let's just add a category
very fast.
OK.
I'm just going to add one more and that will be electronics
electronic devices
gaming devices gaming devices we have right now.
And then I want to what you say properties
so you can also create a whole property based website as well.
OK.
I just have to trade subcategories of property like the area of ideas you can create the category or
something like that.
And then you can even assign them like if anyone wants to search area by use and then you can even create
a website for it like property base.
It can also create a Web site like whole gaming devices based there.
You just sell the gaming stuff where you just sell the gaming CD's like gaming accessories like if you
have xbox one.
Just like I want to sell the Xbox controller like I have an extra and I just want to sell it.
You guys already know that they are so much expensive.
So this is what I mean.
OK.
We have everything right here.
Just one more one more.
And that will be like cars cars and bikes.
So we have these categories right now.
Now we're going to go out and I'm going to hit on new category.
And you can see these categories are right here and running.
So you could see that if we just let's just go ahead and let's just review all this.
So in the end U.S. we can just ride the ad OK but will not add the advertisement from here.
OK because this is the page where only admin can add.
Ok not a user.
So you guys already know that how a user can add and video.
OK if you just come here in here to post an ad he'd just come here and he's created listing.
So he's like the categories so it is bikes cars electronic devices game devices mobile phones properties
he just like dead.
And then he added Sergei's This is how it works and if you're so amazing you know one can see no one
can tell that this website is based on wordpress.
OK.
I know you don't have to build a website like this but if a client say like and he has a small budget
and he just want to go with the press and he can build anything this website is so amazing guys like
me don't have to do anything.
Just go ahead you just add the categories and then you just leave it.
And then clients can come in this year and then they can just pose the advertisement and that's all.
OK.
So you have to make some changes like here you have to change.
I told you you can change it in the settings.
OK.
So then you have the all ads so the all ads you're going to see all the advertisement that you're having
now.
So it's a test title.
This is the ad that we take that we added.
This is the image that is coming.
Is my first classified ad.
I'm just going to go in and I'm going to remove this ad.
So just we have only one.
OK.
We have.
And now we have the form so let's just come here to the forms right now and Thursday's formally Owch
allow you to create your own custom add to it.
Each one is essentially a container for all your fields and can be applied to one or all of your categories
or pay.
So if I just come here and I just add a new form then here you can see make it should be farm name farm
description and available categories.
And then I can just go ahead and I can just select that so let's just go ahead.
And what it means that if someone comes here and he just like that like bikes so we can create a new
form for like bikes like what is the model of the bike or what is it being like.
OK let's just create it.
And let me show you this will be like bike in car from
OK here.
I'm just going to like this and this.
OK.
And this is the active I'm going to go in and I'm going to create new foam.
So this is like here in here I can create my phone.
OK I'm just gonna come here.
I had this.
When I come here to form right now I'm going to come here.
And I'm going to just added the family out.
So here we have this.
OK.
It's a title required price required street city state country Postal Code Description and everything.
So what I wanted to add one more.
OK.
So I just want to add a region size feedback currency does want to add this.
So here let's suppose that I want to add I'm like a model.
It's like what is the model of the bike in car.
And vending was destroyed basically.
OK.
I'm sorry guys I do Stemmer a lot sometimes.
OK so what I have to do here is the available feels that is coming.
OK.
I just have to go to the custom field and I and I just want to add a new field so this will be like
a model and there are registered date.
So the feeling is going to be model and the field tooltip.
This is basically called a tool.
So like if I just hold my mouse you're here it's gives a tool.
OK here it's going to be when.
So you can just add it like your bike manyfold.
I think this is basically called the model and the manufacture date or something like that.
And then we have the field type.
So it is going to be like text box dropdown text area radio button checkbox.
See you guys already know.
I just wanted to be like text box so this will be like an input box like this.
OK.
And I'm just gonna go in and I'm going to have a create new field so this field is going to be created
right now.
I'm just going to come here and let's just go to basically to do it and I did it and it is this one
right here.
I'm just going to I'm here in I'm going to rephrase this so this is refreshed right now.
And here we should be having this.
Yes this is right here.
It's a model.
You're going to come here and I'm going to add fields to Fomalhaut So this right here I'm just going
to go ahead and I'm going to bring this right here so that I'm the person also has to give his model.
So because this is important and if you're going to go in and I'm going to say so now here if anyone
is going to come up and he just add it like bike.
So on the bike he just go to dispraise and then we ask him one more thing and this is called the model.
So this is important guys.
This is so important.
You you just have to ask more questions like this and for like cars if you just come your way just go
and you can see here we will ask them the model.
So this is how it works.
We just go down go back sorry and we just come here to
the mobile phones.
So in the mobile phones you can create a new listing or create a new custom field that can be like the
condition like radio or conditions so you can just show your condition that what is the condition like
one by ten two by ten three by ten for about 10.
So this is you can add it like four more user input and then when a user will come they will just easily
understand this.
And you you don't have to add everything in this in the description.
Everything will be here on the sidebar that says model and everything.
So this is you can make it required as well.
You guys already know how to make it required.
OK.
Like just clicking here and saving the changes and that will be marked as required.
So it works OK.
So now you can see that we are totally done with this.
So thanks a lot guys who are watching this Stadion and Bebai.